# webpack-styles
Setup webpack to handle stylesheet pre-processing and hot module replacement.
---

This is a simple example of how to configure webpack to run sass, less, and/or postcss to process your project's CSS.

It also shows how to set up hot module replacement (HMR) using an express server instead of webpack-dev-server.

There are two webpack config files.

* webpack.config.js shows how to set up style processing that works with hot module replacement, and is directly imported into your JavaScript using ES6 module imports.
* webpack.prod.config.js shows how to generate your css as a separate file that can be imported via link tags in your index.html file.

Note: the css files generated by webpack.prod.config.js do not work with hot module replacement as of this writing.
You will have to manually refresh your browser to see changes when you use that config file, or implement some other live-reload mechanism (such as Browsersync).

The two config files are basically copies of each other because I did not want to complicate the example - especially for those new to webpack - by wiring two different config files together.

Take care to comment/uncomment the respective sections of client/index.html and server/devServer.js in order to switch from using one webpack config file to the other.

And, as an added bonus, I threw in an example of how to get bootstrap working, which also includes the link to the Google fonts CDN in index.html.

All webpack generated files will be put in the client/assets folder.
